README.md, before:

# Nested Sort

A JavaScript library to create a nested list of elements

## Download

 * [CDN copies](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/nested-sort) [![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/nested-sort/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/nested-sort)


## Installation

Using npm:
```shell
$ npm i nested-sort
```

## Developer environment requirements

To run this project, you will need:

- Node.js >= v10.5.0, use nvm - [install instructions](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#install-script)
- Yarn >= v1.7.0 - [install instructions ("Alternatives" tab)](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#alternatives-rc)

## Running tests

```sh
yarn
yarn test
yarn test --watch
yarn test:coverage
```

## Dev mode

When developing you can run:

```
yarn watch
```

This will regenerate the build files each time a source file is changed and serve on http://127.0.0.1:5000.

### Previewing umd build in the browser

If your package works in the browser, you can open `dev/index.html` to try it out.

## Demo

There are some samples in the `dev` folder. In order to see them in action, first run `yarn watch` and then navigate to: `http://127.0.0.1:5000/dev/`

Commit message:

docs: improving the readme file (#13)
* Improving the library introduction copy on the README file.

* Adding a demo gif to the README file.

* Improving the README structure and adding the Docs section.

README.md, after:

# Nested Sort

Nested Sort is a vanilla JavaScript library, without any dependencies, which helps you to sort a nested list of items via drag and drop. Unfortunately, it does not support touch screens yet.

![](demo.gif)

## Docs

[https://gilgaz.com/demo/nested-sort](https://gilgaz.com/demo/nested-sort)

## Download

 * [CDN copies](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/nested-sort) [![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/nested-sort/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/nested-sort)

## Installation

Using npm:
```shell
$ npm install nested-sort
```

Using yarn:
```shell
$ yarn add nested-sort
```

## Contribution

### Developer environment requirements

To run this project, you will need:

- Node.js >= v10.5.0, use nvm - [install instructions](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#install-script)
- Yarn >= v1.7.0 - [install instructions ("Alternatives" tab)](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#alternatives-rc)

### Running tests

```sh
yarn
yarn test
yarn test --watch
yarn test:coverage
```

### Dev mode

When developing you can run:

```
yarn watch
```

This will regenerate the build files each time a source file is changed and serve on http://127.0.0.1:5000.

You can navigate to http://127.0.0.1:5000/dev/ in order to see the samples.
